PLATUI-1487: Update GETTING-STARTED.md with guidance for Looping (#49)
hmrc/performance-test-runner: GETTING-STARTED.md

from 1 again when it reaches the max value. For example ${range-3} will be replaced with '001' the first time, '002' 
the next and so on.

### Using Gatling's Exec method with performance-test-runner

> Gatling's Exec method is used to execute an action. Actions are usually requests like an HTTP request or editing a Gatling session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatling's Exec method is used to execute an action. Actions are usually requests like an HTTP request. Additionally, actions can edit or debug a Gatling session.
```

setup("prep", "Prepare for test") withActions (setRandomTestId:_*)
```

#### Repeat a request
A request or requests can be repeated multiple times using Gatling's [repeat](https://gatling.io/docs/gatling/reference/3.4/general/scenario/#repeat) function.
This is useful when you want to repeat certain requests for a certain number of time. For example, adding 3 items during a journey.

```scala
def repeatRequests: List[ActionBuilder] = {
  repeat(3) {
    exec(addItem)
      .exec(getItemPage)
  }.actionBuilders
}

setup("post-vat-return-period", "Post vat return period")  withRequests(addItem) withActions (repeatRequests:_*)
```

#### Iterate asLongAs
Use `asLongAs` to iterate [as long as](https://gatling.io/docs/gatling/reference/3.4/general/scenario/#aslongas) the 
condition is satisfied and the duration has not been reached.

For example, to repeat a request `asLongAs` the status of a page is **not** `200`:

```scala
def getTurnoverPage: List[ActionBuilder] = {
  asLongAs(session => 

>     !session.attributes.get("turnOverPageStatus").contains(200)) {

Reviewer: Something about this code example looks a little strange, is there a link somewhere to the Gatling API for Scala that I could look at?

Author: Hi, @JoPintoPaul. This is where `asLongAs` is defined: https://github.com/gatling/gatling/blob/v3.4.2/gatling-core/src/main/scala/io/gatling/core/structure/Loops.scala#L75
